What did you just call me?
Man Man
I told you to pack your things
and get the hell out of here
Today I saw Ye Qi Luo
Do you know what she called me?
She called me Man Man
Only Ye Ci used to call me that
And I don’t have any grudge
against Ye Qi Luo
She’s insane
The way she looked at me
Like she wanted to stab me to death
Didn’t you say
Ye Ci wasn’t present
at the divorce signing?
I suspect she’s been released for a while now
Ye Qi Luo is actually Ye Ci
No way
It’s just the name Man Man
You’re overthinking it
Better to believe it’s true
Do you remember Ye Ci
was severely allergic to peanut powder?
This is peanut powder
She can't even smell it
Find an opportunity and test her